Create documentation of KPOps components (#112)
bakdata/kpops: docs/docs/user/getting-started/components.md

# Components

This section explains the different components of KPOps, their usage and configuration.
To learn more about their hierarchy, visit the
[architecture](/kpops/docs/docs/developer/architecture/component-inheritance.md)
page.

## KubernetesApp

### Usage

> Can be used to deploy any app in Kubernetes using helm, for example, a REST service that serves Kafka data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be used to deploy any app in Kubernetes using Helm, for example, a REST service that serves Kafka data.
```

Author: fixed

        key2: value1
        key3: value2
      # Topic(s) from which the component will read input
      from:
        topics: # required
          ${pipeline_name}-input-topic:
            type: input # required
            role: topic-role
      # Topic(s) into which the component will write output
      to:
        topics: # required
          ${pipeline_name}-output-topic:
            type: output # required
            role: topic-role
            keySchema: key-schema
            valueSchema: value-schema
            partitions_count: 1
            replication_factor: 1
            configs: 
              config1: config1
        models: 
          model: model
      # Pipeline prefix that will prefix every component name. If you wish to not 
      # have any prefix you can specify an empty string.
      prefix: ${pipeline_name}-
      # Helm repository configuration
      repoConfig:
        repositoryName: my-repo # required
        url: https://bakdata.github.io/ # required
        repoAuthFlags: 
          username: user
          password: pass
          ca_file: /home/user/path/to/ca-file
          insecure_skip_tls_verify: false
      version: 1.0.0
    ```

> ### deploy

Reviewer: Deploy using Helm

Author: done

> ### destory

Reviewer: Uninstall Helm release

Author: done

> ### reset

Reviewer: Do nothing

Author: done

> ### clean

Reviewer: Do nothing

Author: done

## KafkaApp

_KafkaApp_ inherits from [_KubernetesApp_](#kubernetesapp).

### Usage

> Inherits from KubernetesApp. Often used in `defaults.yaml` Not usually used to deploy Kafka applications as they almost could be defined as either a _StreamsApp_ or a _Producer_.

Reviewer: Please make it clear that this deploys a streams-bootstrap component which can be (as you wrote) StreamsApp or Producer

Author: Done

            ${pipeline_name}-input-topic:
              type: input # required
              role: topic-role
        # Topic(s) into which the component will write output
        to:
          topics: # required
            ${pipeline_name}-output-topic:
              type: output # required
              role: topic-role
              keySchema: key-schema
              valueSchema: value-schema
              partitions_count: 1
              replication_factor: 1
              configs: 
                config1: config1
          models: 
            model: model
        # Pipeline prefix that will prefix every component name. If you wish to not 
        # have any prefix you can specify an empty string.
        prefix: ${pipeline_name}-
        # Helm repository configuration, the default value is given here
        repoConfig:
          repositoryName: bakdata-streams-bootstrap # required
          url: https://bakdata.github.io/streams-bootstrap/ # required
          repo_auth_flags:
            username: user
            password: pass
            ca_file: /home/user/path/to/ca-file
            insecure_skip_tls_verify: false
        version: "2.7.0"
    ```

### deploy

> ### destory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### destroy
```

As there is no different behavior for deploy/destroy than in the super class, I would remove it

Author: removed

Reviewer 2: I agree, referring to where it's implemented is a good suggestion

              partitions_count: 1
              replication_factor: 1
              configs: 
                config1: config1
          models: 
            model: model
        # Pipeline prefix that will prefix every component name. If you wish to not 
        # have any prefix you can specify an empty string.
        prefix: ${pipeline_name}-
        # Helm repository configuration, the default value is given here
        repoConfig:
          repositoryName: bakdata-streams-bootstrap # required
          url: https://bakdata.github.io/streams-bootstrap/ # required
          repo_auth_flags:
            username: user
            password: pass
            ca_file: /home/user/path/to/ca-file
            insecure_skip_tls_verify: false
        version: "2.7.0"
    ```

### deploy

A Kubernetes job or cron job is deployed.
The output topics are created, and schemas are registered in the Schema registry if configured.

### destory

The associated Kubernetes resources are removed.

### reset

Producers are not affected by reset as they are stateless.

### clean

The output topics of the Kafka producer are deleted as well as all associated schemas in the Schema Registry.

> ## KafkaSinkConnector

Reviewer: There is also the KafkaConnector super class

Author: Added fake links in both connectors to a page that would go over KafkaConnector, noted that the 2 connectors here are subclasses of it.

              role: topic-role
              keySchema: key-schema
              valueSchema: value-schema
              partitions_count: 1
              replication_factor: 1
              configs: 
                config1: config1
          models: 
            model: model
        # Pipeline prefix that will prefix every component name. If you wish to not 
        # have any prefix you can specify an empty string.
        prefix: ${pipeline_name}-
        # Helm repository configuration
        repoConfig:
          repositoryName: my-repo # required
          url: https://bakdata.github.io/kafka-connect-resetter/ # required
          repoAuthFlags: 
            username: user
            password: pass
            ca_file: /home/user/path/to/ca-file
            insecure_skip_tls_verify: false
        version: "1.0.4"
        # Overriding Kafka Connect Resetter Helm values. E.g. to override the
        # Image Tag etc.
        resetterValues:
          imageTag: 1.2.3
        offsetTopic: offset_topic
    ```

### deploy

A Kafka connector is deployed.
The output topics are created, and schemas are registered in the Schema registry if configured.

### destory

> The associated Kafka connector is removed.

Reviewer: This can move to KafkaConnector

Author: As agreed, there wouldn't be such a section. I guess in that case this should be kept here?

# Components

This section explains the different components of KPOps, their usage and configuration.

## KubernetesApp

### Usage

> Can be used to deploy any app in Kubernetes using helm, for example, a REST Service that serves Kafka Data.

Reviewer 2: please keep capitalization of proper nouns :)

```suggestion
Can be used to deploy any app using Helm in Kubernetes, such as a REST Service that serves Kafka data.
```

Author: done

    config:
    ```

> ### Commands

Reviewer 3: I don't think we necessary need `Commands` here. It would be enough if we have `deploy`, `destroy`, `reset`, and `clean` section under each component

Author: changed

Author: tbh I dislike how it looks with the commands just floating out there, I don't think they deserve as big of a font as 'Configuration' or 'Usage'. 'Commands' may not be a correct title, but maybe they still could be brought together under a banner?

Reviewer 2: how about "operations" or "methods"?

Author: "methods" sounds good to me

Reviewer: What is wrong with commands? I actually think commands is pretty good and better than the alternatives

Author: I like "Commands" and "Methods" the same. Perhaps "commands" is what the user would call them while "methods" is more on the developer side.

Reviewer: Method is a developer term while those are commands that a user can execute

Reviewer 2: I almost want to argue that "operations" makes the most sense because of the name kpops (Kafka pipeline operations) :D but I really wouldn't mind going with any of these options

Author: That's a really good one, "Operations" would be very cool!
